Nita and I talked about her.
Part of me felt a bit scared.
Part a bit crazy.
Me knocking on doors.
But I knew this was the right thing to do.
A minister should also be free
from all non-medical use of addictive
or mind-altering substances.
Non-medical.
But taking something when I'm feeling a little stressed.
Like, maybe, I don't know.
A little weed?
That's okay, right?
And it's for the stress.
I guess I didn't quite understand what medical meant.
So we see you during the week.
Yeah, okay.
Thank you, Joey.
Thanks.
We'll be back.
You can guess what our next few studies were about.
And you should continue to be made new
in your dominant mental attitude.
Knowing it was wrong was easy.
Figuring out how to cope without it.
Wasn't beating it felt impossible.
We have it deserved to hover felt amazing.